# Wednesday, April 2, 2024, 1pm EEST (Romania time)

## Agenda

* Project ending (EEA Grants) (RD)
* New funding
* Next steps infra (SW, MB, VN, SJ)
* Next steps content (TD, GM, SW, RD, RN)
* Popularizing OpenEdu (Methodology)
* TODOs, nice to haves
* Others

## Participants

- Sergiu
- Vlad
- Mihai (online)
- RăzvanN
- RăzvanD
- Teo
- Ștefan
- Gabi (online)

## Discussions

### Project Ending (EEA Grants) (RD)

RD: The project is complete.

RD: Money difference was delivered to the agency.

### New Funding

We need to survey for other funding sources.

We need someone with the time and focus to identify funding and apply.

RD: We may get some level of funding from the Digital4Security project we are part of.
It's a 5 years project aiming to develop and deliver contents for a master program in cybersecurity management.

RD: Another potential funding comes from the [Google Cyberseminars](https://cyberseminars.withgoogle.com/) we applied to.
Another link for that is [this](https://cyberseminars.org/).

### Next Steps Infra (SW, MB, VN, SJ)

#### vmchecker

SW: The most heavily used component of the infrastructure.

SW: We submitted half the original paper to the UPB scientific bulletin.
The rest is left for future work.
We want to get more results.

SW/MB: We are working towards an interactive way of solving assignments and doing checking.

GM: We should simplify the Moodle + GitLab integration.
It's quite cumbersome.

RD: I agree, we can simplify it for a majority of use cases.
Some use cases will still require some custom steps and support.
But if we can make it easier for a larger chunk of use cases, that will be fine.

#### Builder

We need an FAQ with common errors for `openedu-builder`.

VN: Quizzes work in the latest version.

RD: We can integrate multiple presentation engines (mkdocs, Sphinx, Gitbook).
These should be added as TODOs.

We can engange students during summer or during hackathons to work on these items.

#### Quiz Manager

SJ: It was used for Operating Systems.

SJ: We have a list of TODOs.

### Popularizing OpenEdu (Methodology)

We'll talk next time about popularizing the [OpenEdu methodology](https://open-education-hub.github.io/methodology/) to other classes.

### Next Steps Content (TD, GM, SW, RD, RN)

RD: Git interface is a bit difficult.

VN/SW: Why not use the web interface?
It's still on each persons clone, so it shouldn't matter for the commit history or pull requests.

RD: I agree to this as a first step.
To think whether there are ways in which we can lower the Git learning curve to foster adoption.

RN: To consider ways to get each lecture to have their own delivery content.

RD/TD: The general content (learnig content) should be complete and available to all.
Lecturers can customize slides / delivery content locally or on their own branches.

## TODOs and Decisions

- Have someone do communication: social media posts, noise making, popularize project results.

- Have some survey and collect call information and potential funding sources.
  Then engage people in writing grant proposals to attract funding.

- Think whether there are ways in which we can lower the Git learning curve to foster adoption.

- TODO GM: Collect ideas (as GitHub issues) on simplifying vmchecker flows.

- TODO VN + TD: Collect ideas (as GitHub issues) on improving `openedu-builder`.

- TODO SJ: Collect ideas (as GitHub issues) on improving quiz management.

- TODO TD: Direct the full upgrade of `operating-systems` contents to the [OpenEdu methodoology](https://open-education-hub.github.io/methodology/).

- We need an FAQ with common errors for `openedu-builder`.

- Owners of future content conversion to OpenEdu:

  - SO: TD
  - IOCLA: TD
  - USO: SW
  - SCGC: SW
  - CNS: ES/RD
  - RL: Gabi
  - SIS: RD (and Rareș Visalom)
  - SMD: RD

- Next meeting takes place on Wednesday, April 10, 2024, 1pm EEST, room PR707 and online, on Discord.
