# Monday, July 10, 2023, 10:00am Ro

## Agenda

* Workshop vmchecker

* Status of infrastructure paper

* Status of methodology paper

* Status of press release article

* Event / conference on 13 September 2023   

* Status updates from each team member

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Alex, Mihai, Vlad, Adrian

## Discussions

RD: Organise discussions following the VMChecker workshop on a channel / discussion list that is not personal.
People should be able to just type a question publicly.

RD: We'll create channels on Discord where attendees can join.

SW: We'll use Guacamole so anyone can have a Linux environment.

SW: Where will the attendants be coming from?
What are their backgrounds?

RD: They are both teaching assistants from UPB and other universities and individual trainers.

SW: It's difficult for me to address such a wide range of people, some of which are sysadmins, others are teachers etc.
I'll add 2 VMChecker instances: one with Moodle and another one without.

RD: We shouldn't organise the workshop into too much detail.
People are likely to react differently than we expect.
It's going to be more of an open discussion about what they want from VMChecker.

SW: We should have had this discussion beforehand.
To me this workshop is more practical and not just a discussion about the vision on VMChecker.

RN: I'm going to review the methodology PRs and then start looking for a venue for the methodology paper.

RD: This semester's feedback for the OS class was better, but not the greatest.
There are sizeable differences between the 3 series of students.

RN: I received feedback from Teo, Liza and Alex on the press release.
I am going to contact RR to have it published soon.

RD: I propose the following schedule for the M4 Closing Event:

* 9 - 11: We present our results

* 11 - 13: We organise theoretical breakout rooms.
We need to come up with questions to ask the audience

* 13 - 14: Lunch

* 14 - 16/17: Practical workshops where attendees can use our products.

SJ: I spoke to Teo about quizzes.
I'll develop the [converter that we're using for the Introduction to Operating Systems class](https://github.com/systems-cs-pub-ro/quiz-manager).

RD: Let's dedicate a workshop room to the creation and translation of a quiz item.

AA: No updates on statistics.

RD: Start a thread about which statistics people think are useful.
Give some variants: pass rate, assignment marks etc.
We need 2 things: outcome + means to the end (what formats are used etc.)
Explain the rationale according to which those statistics are relevant (such as to insist on last years' least-answered questions).

TD: I created a [PR to publish the OS website when making a PR](https://github.com/open-education-hub/operating-systems/pull/313).
I also started [splitting labs into support and material](https://github.com/open-education-hub/operating-systems/pull/312).
I am waiting for review on that.

RD: I have done nothing about the CCAS content.
Regarding reporting: there will be a lot of bureaucracy at the end of the project.

RD: I'll work with Teo to reorganise the OS repo and create the "diffs repo" under [the `cs-pub-ro` organisation](https://github.com/cs-pub-ro).

## TODOs and Decisions

RN: Set deadlines and give feedback for existing PRs on methodology.

TD + RD: Work on the OS repo: structure, infrastructure and labs

SJ: Extend the existing [quiz converter](https://github.com/systems-cs-pub-ro/quiz-manager).
Use [Teo's description](https://github.com/open-education-hub/methodology/pull/6) of quizzes and think about organising a workshop room on this topic at the M4 event.

SW + MB: Prepare for today's workshop

AA: Start a public discussion about statistics

RN + SW: Focus on the papers after the workshop

GM: Move Security Summer School repos in the Open Education Hub org after the summer school ends

## Upcoming Events

* 10.07.2023: VMChecker-Next Workshop
