# Thursday, 21 September, 2023, 11:00am Ro

## Agenda

Papers on Methodology and Infrastructure

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Vlad, Alex, Gabi, Sergiu

## Discussions

### Infrastructure Paper

SW: I started working on the infrastructure paper and the pages are adding up.
I have a plan, I made a sketch with what I want to include, but I have COVID amd I am not so productive anymore.

SW: I also found a venue.

### Methodology Paper

RD: There are some unmerged PRs in the methodology repo, but we can write the paper without them.

RN: I haven't started working yet.
It's unclear to me what is the angle from which we want to present the methodology.
We can emphasise the developer, the student or both.
For example, I don't know how we can evaluate the benefit brought to developers.
What metrics do we have?

SW: To evaluate the builder, I remember we gave a feedback form to the students.
Did it contain any infrastructure-related questions? 

RD: No, but we had another form for TAs.

RN: That one is just for the materials, not for the infrastructure.

RD: Then let's evaluate the methodology from 2 angles: developers and learners.
What is important to each of them?
Students want content to be easily accessible and clearly formatted.
Developers also want it to be easily accessible and personalisable, they want to receive feedback from students easily and to work collaboratively. 

RD: We haven't measured some attributes or we simply cannot or do not know how to do it.
It's alright to be honest and state this.

RN: There are actually 3 possible angles: developers, presenters and students.

RD: Oh yes. Then state a few bullet points regarding what interests each of these categories and then derive metrics from them.

RN: The methodology papaer needs to be sort of a summary of the methodology repo.
It should present its structure and then what?

RD: Also map the activities to the structure.
And talk about the fork that each institution should create to deliver this content.
These are the "pre-course" steps.
The methodology ends where teaching starts.

AA: What about the "Use and Deliver" section?
That is about how one teaches.

RD: Yes, this is the second part: mapping content to activities.
The third phase is about how to get the content in place.
That means creating a repo, forking it, making contributions and so on.

SW: Regarding the papers, I'll start them on Overleaf using my CERN account so they're backed up on GitHub.

RN: Ok, after that I'll create a first draft.
We won't submit the final version on 30 September, but we'll keep polishing it until the final deadline in October.

RD: This is fine because the project only asks us for proof of submission.

### Methodology PRs

RD: I need to work on guides and explain how repos work

RN: I have to work on the Overview section and implement feedback for digital rewards

RD: Finish your TODOs by Sunday.

TD: I have nothing left

VN: I have to work on the "Builder" section

SJ: Noting left to do.

### Paperwork

RD: We'll start filing the reports from 1 October.
We'll need to have content in place.

RD: The content websites need to be bilingual.
Is there a way to enable this?

SW: Docusaurus supports internationalisation.
We can look into it.

## TODOs and Decisions

VN: Look into bilingual content

All: Finish methodology tasks

SW: Create draft infrastructure paper

RN: Create draft methodology paper

TD: Pick up where Răzvan left and continue the work on [restructuring the OS repo according to the methodology](https://github.com/open-education-hub/operating-systems/pull/317)
