# Friday, June 9, 2023, 9:00am Ro

## Agenda

* Update-uri OpenEdu:

  * EduPedu Article: RN, TD, RD

  * CCAS: RD, TD

  * Methodology: RN

  * OS Content: TD

  * Security Summer School: GM

  * Statistics: AA

  * Quizzes / TutorWeb: SJ

  * Communication / Social Media: LB

  * Events (brainstorming, workshop, September event): RD, TD, SW, MB

  * Infrastructure Article: SW

  * VMChecker Updates: MB

  * Builder Updates: VN

  * SW assign infrastructure tasks to AS

* OS 2023-2024

  * Assemble the team (deadline July 1 2023): LB

  * Team Organisation

  * Grading, content, component updates

    * Lectures

    * Labs

    * Assignments

    * Quizzes

    * Exam

* Post OS 2022-2023

  * Ideas

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Alex, Gabi, Liza, Mihai, Vlad, Elena, Adrian

## Discussions

### Content Updates

RN: I've been working on the Edu-Pedu article.
RăzvanD and Teo have been giving me feedback.

RD: Sergiu, Mihai, Alex, Adrian and Teo can contribute to the methodology because they've been developing content.

RD: I'll work on announcements for our [upcoming events](#upcoming-events).
Teo, I'll ask you to review them.
We are targeting technical coordinators of various lab teams.
They can give valuable feedback and also carry our insights over to their teams.

RD: Sergiu is on holiday until next Tuesday.
After that, he'll start working on the infrastructure paper afterwards.
He was having trouble finding and getting accustomed to the state of the art as education is a new domain for him.

TD: No updates on the OS content.
The exams are taking place now and everyone is busy learning / grading.

GM: I've been looking into the builder to see how it may fit with our needs.
I also think we should use the landing page (which is currently [empty on the OS class](https://open-education-hub.github.io/operating-systems/)) to host administrative information.

AA: Nothing on statistics.

SJ: Talked to Eggert + Liza about quizzes.

RD: Talk to Elena about the OS and IOS (Introduction to Operating Systems) quizzes.

TD: I can also help with the OS (and HSI quizzes) because I've given them some thoughts.

RD: Also keep the Networking quizzes in mind.

MB: I will discuss the VMChecker-Next workshop with Sergiu.

VN: I am improving the builder's documentation.

LB: I have written down some ideas about future social media posts, but I haven't had the time to implement them.

RD: Try to spread the word about the 27K assignments that have been run on VMChecker-Next, that's an impressive number.

### OS 2023-2024 Organization

RD: Have the team assembled and the calendar planned by July 1.

RD: Starting from next year, there will be no more undergraduate TAs.
Therefore, the remaining TAs will have to teach multiple labs.
If need be, we will get some more TAs.

RD: What do you think about assigning subteams not per component like we're doing now (lectures, labs, assignments, etc.), but per chapter.
This way, the lectures, labs and assignment that correspond to each chapter will be more in sync.
This is also how we designed the new OS course.

EM: There will be mismatches between different lectures, deployments and especially communication with students.
I've had cases where someone would tell students one thing for a lecture quiz, while someone else would say it differently for another quiz, thus creating confusion.

RD: Let's have another person dedicated to deployment.
For example, this year I took care of deploying assignments and it went well.
By deployment I mean creating the assignment on Gitlab for students to make PRs, uploading quizzes on Moodle etc.

TD: Why?
Deployment is usually something that can easily be described as a series of steps, so an internal document should suffice for everyone to be on board with what needs to be done.
In addition, it may be more useful to have more people in the team that are knowledgeable of how deployment works so the team does not have a single point of failure.

RD: You want this process to be streamlined and out of the minds of the content creators.
For example, the job of the subteam that creates an assignment should end (except for answering students' questions) when the assignment starts.
From there, the "deployer" shall see that all is well with the submission system.

### OS 2023-2024 Components

#### Lectures

LB: When I taught lectures this semester, I sensed little difference between the Application Interaction and I/O lectures.
When I taught the Application Interaction lecture, I was still referring heavily to the one on I/O.
Let's merge them together.

RN: The same holds for the exam.
We regard these topics as distinct, but they refer to the same things mostly.
To differentiate them, I would ask how to implement shared memory in the cloud and other network-related questions.

RD: When we created these lectures, we envisioned one Application Interaction lecture to include all other chapters.
The demos use all types of operations: multithreaded, asynchronous etc.
The lecture brings nothing new, it's like a recap and comparison between everything taught thus far.

But let's remove the Application Interaction section from the exam and have it included within I/O.

EM: Some demos contain very detailed explanations embedded within the slides, while others are just paths to the code.
There's too much discrepancy.
Teo, you told me to create an issue about this, but what should I request.

AA + TD: Raise an issue to create READMEs for each demo.

RN: We wanted to create presentation slides to be only used when delivering lectures, which is why some if them don't explain demos.

EM: There's no uniformity.
A README walkthrough would be useful for students.

#### Lab

AA: We need to have a list of concepts that students should remember after each lab, like some takeaways.

TD: We can have prerequisites + summary sections.
Prerequisites are concepts that students should know before starting the labs, while the summary contains the most relevant pieces of information from that lab.

RD: And split the lab between support and material.
The students will only interact with the material during the lab.

AA: We need to integrate Git into everything that students do.
Have them create a PR after each lab to run the checker remotely.

RD: Yes, but keep in mind that everything must be done implicitly and automatically.
Students should raise the PR and the action will simply run, without any TA involvement.
This is a long-term goal, probably not for next semester.

### Assignments

RD: The job of the subteam that creates an assignment should end when the assignment starts.
After that, they just provide support and verify flagged assignments for plagiarism.
All grading must be done automatically.

### Lab Quizzes

RD: Starting from next year, students will be required to answer a quiz at the beginning of each lab.
It will be made up of 4 questions: 2 from the previous lab and 2 from the current one.
The quiz will be part of the students' lab grade.

TD: It will be difficult for us to create a pool of questions for each lab.
I was wondering if we could "borrow" some of the old lecture quizzes for that.
This is why I brought Elena in.

EM: But we use older questions for quizzes as well.
We just keep expanding the quiz database.

TD: Oh, OK, but this wouldn't be so bad then.
Maybe it would be beneficial for students to see that some of their lab quiz questions also appear on lecture quiz.

RD: each TA should pick out 4 questions from the pool and create their own custom quiz.
Some won't do it and simply take someone else's quiz.
However this creates a huge bloat of 36 quizzes each week on Moodle.

TD: Why overcomplicate this?
We do something similar for Data Structures, but there is only one quiz, the same for all semigroups.

RD: Then some students will simply get the questions and answers from colleagues who had the lab before.

RN: We can use a Google Form instead of Moodle quizzes.
I think it allows importing questions to create custom quizzes.

RD: It will be more difficult to import those grades into our class register (Moodle did that by default), but it seems like the best option so far.

EM: This is looking a lot like the "lab game" that we used to play until a few years ago:
the TA would split the subgroup into teams and then ask them a few questions regarding the current lab.
The team that answered most questions correctly won.
There was no real prize, just the pride.

## TODOs and Decisions

LB: Organise the OS team by July 1.

EM: Create an issue in the OS repo about improving each lecture demo with a detailed `README.md` file on how to run it and what to observe.

TD: Create issues to add `README.md`s for each lecture demo.

RD: Create page for the brainstorming event on our website and send invitations.

VN: Integrate quizzes in the builder.

GM: Review builder after Vlad adds support for quizzes.

## Upcoming Events

* 21.06.2023: Brainstorming Event

* 28.06.2023: VMChecker-Next Workshop
