# Thursday, August 24, 2023, 11:00am Ro

## Participants

RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Alex, Sergiu, Adrian

## Discussions

### Drills

TD: I want to check that I understood the new split correctly.
We decided that "Drills" shall be the parent and "Tasks" and "Questions" its children, right?

RN: I don't like the name "Questions".
You can split drills into tasks that require open-ended answers and multiple-choice or something.

TD: But it's not multiple choice, but rather simple, predictable answers.
But we agree on how to split things content-wise.
We can leave nomenclature for later as that is easy to change.

RN: Agreed.

### Papers

RN: What's the status of the infrastructure paper?

SW: None.
I haven't started it yet.
Lots of other things to do.

RN: Our deadline is 1 October so it is impossible to have anything even accepted let alone published by then.
This is especially true since we're targeting journals where the review process takes longer than conferences.
I'd say we work on writing somewhat final versions of these papers which we will submit as deliverables and then tweak them for publishing.

RN: I'll return from DConf on 2 September.
After this, I'll start working on the methodology paper.

RN: I suggest that those involved in writing this paper not work on the methodology after 2 September, but instead focus on the paper.

## TODOs and Decisions

All: develop the methodology.
Deadline: 29 August.

RN: Start the paper on methodology after 2 September.
