# Thursday, August 31, 2023, 11:00am Ro

## Agenda

* Methodology updates
* 13 September event

## Participants

RăzvanD, Adrian, Gabi, Vlad, Mihai, Sergiu, Ștefan

## Discussions

RD: We need to speed up the work on methodology, I'll spend all day Saturday, 2 Sept, working on it.
I'll be at UPB, if anyone wants to join.

RD: In the publisher config file, can we have subpaths and subsections of one single section?
VN: More files with the same name can be copied at the same location, so they will be overwritten.
To fix this, you need to add a '/' that will put the files in another subdirectory to avoid name clashes.

VN: To add a title to a page, you need to add a H1 header, otherwise the file name will become the title.

RD: Can you config the landing page of a section (for example an overview page, or an index)?
VN: The landing page will soon be an index of the current section, similar to what happens for the OS class.

RD: In order to add a media directory, do I need to add a `path:` section?
Will the directory also be copied in full?
VN: Yes, the directories under `extra:` will be copied in full.

RD: On the overview index page, is it possible to add some text on the page, before the index shows up?
It's not critical, we have the overview section for that, but it would be nice to have, especially for the GitHub interface.
We can also have some README files that will not be used by the publisher.
It will just be rendered by the GitHub interface.

RD: For the past weeks I've sent invites for the event on 13 September.
I will be back in a few days with proposals for ownership of the tracks (talks, workshops, brainstorming sessions).
It would be nice to do a livestream (or at least a recording) of the event.

SW: Where in the methodology article would the "third party tools" fit?
RD: They will be spread, there is no particular section where they would fit.
It can be added in the overview, and then other parts in "collaboration", "linters", "processing", etc.

AS: What should be under the methodology "maintaing-content" section?
RD: That sections will state the responsibilities of someone that will maintain a certain content repository.
Good practices, linters to use, making sure changes are integrated, other things to have in mind for the owner of that content.
