# Thursday, August 17, 2023, 11:00am Ro

## Agenda

- Skeleton Contents milestone (lead: RăzvanN)
- Difficulties in porting content (lead: Gabi)
- M4 Event 13 September 2023 (lead: RazvanD)

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Alex, Sergiu, Gabi, Adrian

## Discussions

### Skeleton Contents

RD: There is little cohesion between the components that make up the methodology.

RD: The methodology must answer the following questions:

- How can I develop / create a digital educational content repository? 
- How do I use (as an educator) a digital educational content repository as part of an educational implementation (course, training, workshop, etc.)?
- How do I contribute to a digital educational content repository?
- How do I maintain a digital educational content repository?

RD: We are focusing on how to use the resources and are targeting the developer, teacher, contributor and manager/curator
Administrating the infrastructure is something unrelated.
We need to assign roles per section so any of the above users know where to look.

RD: We are proposing the following repository structure:

- A content repository that is organized and used as described in the "Developing and Organizing Content" section.
- An implementation repository which is organized as described in the "Using and Developing Content" section.
- Supporting infrastructure for storage, publishing, validation, educational support (quiz generation, automatic assignment grading, etc.) described in the "Support Infrastructure" section.

RD: After defining the roles as described above, we'll define the infrastructure in the "Support Infrastructure" section: 

- Using GitHub for collaborative development
- Tools for generating content (media, slides, quizzes, etc.)
- Our publishing infrastructure
- Our assignment grading infrastructure
- Our quiz generation tools
- Content validators (linters)
- GitHub integration of validators and automatic deployment
- Digital rewards
- Communication (Discord, GitHub)

RN: All these definitions are too technical.

RD: OK, then let's remove the infrastructure from the methodology (for now).

RN: The "How?" questions above should not be present in the methodology.
Instead, it should answer the following questions:

- What is the structure of a repository?
- What categories of content is to be stored there?
- How to use them to deliver content?

RD: After all, the methodology is action-oriented.
It explains how to do X, right?

RN: The emphasis should be on how to create the content and then stop at "you create a repository"
How do you plan to reorganize our common content?

RD: There is more to this.
What makes a good contribution?
Should we have a channel on OpenEdu about each course?
What about creating versions of each repository (such as git tags) so that a change to the the content repository made by one contributor doesn't break the course taught by another one.
This is what the curator does: creates a community around the repo.

RD: On a different note, let's place the infrastructure section at the beginning because we refer it in the "Developing and Organizing Content" section.
The infrastructure part should describe GitHub, the 5Rs, Markdown, etc.

RD: This should be followed by the types of content to describe the structure.
For example, links to quiz platforms should go to the infrastructure section.
In addition, this section should contain any commands or technical parts.

RD: And then we'll refer the infrastructure components from the following sections as needed.
Make "Tools" a section apart from the general infrastructure.

RD: Rename "Teaching Stages" to "Using and Delivering Content"

RD: Now the structure becomes: infrastructure, Developing and Organizing Content, Using and Delivering Content

SW: Now it makes more sense and it is more coherent.

### Tutorials vs Demos

RD: Tutorials and demos are not a type of content, but an implementation.
It is up to the teacher to decide if they're used as tutorials or demos, but content-wise, they're the same.
They are different from drills because those have `TODO`s that students are supposed to fill.
Let's name tutorials and demos Walkthroughs or Guides, collectively.

TD: Your PRs on demos and tutorials are very similar, so I agree.

RD: Ok, then it's settled.

### Quizzes

RD: They are just questions. Quizzes are collections of questions
They can be employed by different usage components as follows:

- During lectures we use slides and media for presentation and debates / discussions;
we use questions for quizzes
- During labs we use slides and media for presentations;
we use guides for demos/tutorials;
we use questions for quizzes;
we use drills for lab work

- When it comes to assignments, we use projects for homework;
we also use drills for homework because it can be made up of multiple drills, not necessarily a project

- For exams we use drills for practical exams and questions for quiz exams

### Drills vs Projects

RD: The only difference between them is whether or not the solution is public.
An assignment is a collection of challenges without a public solution.
A practice exercise does contain the solution.
But this has to do with the implementation, not the content.

RN: One thing I noted from reviewing your PRs is that everyone has developed their PRs with the OS class in mind.
It seems that we're writing a methodology for Computer Science only.
Please be more generic in your approaches.

GM: One thing I noted while trying to port the SSS repos to OpenEdu is that we can't anticipate technical problems until we actually port some more repos.

RD: That's right, but we can at least try to forsee some of them and be prepared

RN: Then let's merge what we have so far and then apply further changes.
The methodology is a volatile document, we'll keep modifying and improving it as time passes.

RD: Right.
After merging, I'll raise a new PR with an update of the methodology repo based on its own guidelines and then we'll add content to the new structure.

### Difficulties when Porting SSS to OpenEdu

GM: I had to break up the contents of the repository in a great number of folders.
If someone external attempts to do the same, they will find it extremely cumbersome to create such a folder hierarchy from the GUI.
So reorganizing the content is likely going to be a difficult task.

RD: This is unfortunately unavoidable.
I'd rather offer support to any teacher attempting to port their contents to OpenEdu instead.
It's a one-time effort, a great one, but 1 time only.

GM: Furthermore, the config file for the builder is very complicated.
I'll raise issues for the builder.

RD: Git itself will be difficult to use.
We can think of abstractions on top of it, something that simplifies the interaction via an interface.

RD: We can also provide developers with an exhaustive `.yml` file from which they will have to remove what they don't want to use.

SW: I'll think about a config file generator, maybe based on some regular expressions.

GM + RD: This sounds like a very solid idea.

SW: I don't know how feasible this is yet.

### M4 Event

RD: Let's assign owners for each section of the meeting.
We'll have a meeting a few days ahead of the event to make sure we're in sync.
Teo and I will take care of the OS repository.

### Drills vs Projects vs Questions

RD: How do we separate questions and drills?
What are oral exam questions?

RN: There has to be a difference because questions have a predefined, automatically verifiable answer.

RD: Conversely, it is unlikely that a project will have a solution and some drills might not come with a solution (we have some like this for the Introduction to Operating Systems class).

RN: OK, but at first let's focus on questions with a verifiable answer.
And split drills between multiple-choice questions and free answer ones.
Based on this we can encourage automatically verifiable questions.

TD: On another note, a homework assignment is a drill with a private solution.
How are different?

RN: An assignment is made up of a collection of drills.

RD: Assignments are a form of implementation.
They are made up of drills, questions, tutorials etc.
But the concept of assignment itself is not a type of content.

RD: That being said, what is a project?
Is it a drill without a solution?

RN: We can split drills between open-ended ones, multiple-choice etc.

GM: Let's offer developers fewer options to make it easier to choose between them.
So let's just have drills, projects and questions.

RD: And use drills for 3 use cases:

- exercising: labs / seminars
- something quick during lectures
- self-study

RD: This is also what sets projects apart from drills.

RD: We'll need to merge drills and quizzes after merging the PRs.
Gabi and Teo, take care of this.

#### Methodology Paper

RD: Related work will be difficult to find.
The same holds true for the infrastructure paper.

RN: In addition, some things do not fit a single article.

RN: How do we prove our approach is better?

RD: refer SSS and SO.
Then come with some attributes we deem important that we have and others don't.

## TODOs and Decisions

RD: Raise PR to add skeleton slides for M4

All: merge their PRs and then continue improving the methodology
