# Thursday, November 2, 2023, 10:30am Ro

## Agenda

* Reporting after the End of the Project

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Sergiu, Mihai, Vlad, Teo, Gabi

## Discussions

RD: I shared a spreadsheet with you regarding our TODOs.

RD: We'll have a narrative report to fill.
I am going to assign owners to each section.
We already have content in meeting notes, wikis, papers etc.
Copy-paste as much as you can.

RD: We used a similar document for the last report.

RD: We first need to publish our papers on the website.
Create a "publications" section and link the papers there.
Then create a directory containing the proof of submissions.

RD: Teo and I will work on making the OS comply with the methodology.
Same for the CCAS content.

RD: I spoke to our guy from finance and Gunnar about the monetary reporting.

RD: The final deadline is 30 November.

RD: I also made some TODOs for what to do beyond the end of this project.
They include IOCLA, USO, SSS.

RD: At the end of the semester, push all changes from `cs-pub-ro` to OpenEduHub.
This will be beneficial for us to learn what this implies.

GM: I spoke to Fabian and he will automate this via a GitHub action.
It will create one PR into OpenEduHub when a PR is merged on `cs-pub-ro`.
I don't know how this will look like in the end.
Fabian is working on this.

RD: Alex has also worked on this regarding assignments.

RD: Let's start a draft project for IOCLA using the OpenEduHub methodology.

GM: We'll have to start next semester to make things working for next year.

RD: Ok then let's have IOCLA on OpenEduHub by the end of summer 2024.

RD: Let's organise a monthly meeting around open education with updates on what we're working on and war stories.
We'll involve various people who are into teaching.
We can also include brainstormings and onboarding new people into our methodology.

SW: If you want to attract people, it'll be difficult to schedule meetings outside working hours.

RD: But there are various meetup.
Ours will be one such meetup.
That's why we'll host it at our faculty at first during the evening.

RD: Based on Alex's work I want to publish a paper on a statistical analysis of the grades obtained by students across many generations, see how they correlate, how they influence each other etc.

SW: I want to start pushing USO onto OpenEducationHub at the start of 2024.

RD: Let's have an annual event on open education starting from next year or 2025.
At first it will be unofficial and mostly informal, based on slides and presentations, not papers.
We can also include workshops and brainstormings.

SW: Why is 2024 too early.

RD: It's too difficult to organise.
We'll have to start doing this during spring in order to host the conference around September or November.
At the worst, we can leave this to 2025.

TD: What about the guy from the Faculty of Geography?

RD: Let's discuss with him after we finish with the reporting.

RN: Should we have publish the papers on the website even before they're accepted?

RN: Add the title first and then the acceptance stamp when after it's reviewed.

## TODOs and Decisions

RN + SW: Add links to our papers on the OpenEdu website

TD + AA: Publish meeting notes

RD: Announce M4 Results and end of project

RD: Make final presentation

TD: Add link to meeting notes to OpenEdu website
