# Friday, May 19, 2023 - 9:00am EEST

## Participants

RăzvanD, Teo, Liza, Vlad, Mihai, Adrian, Ștefan

## Discussions

### Closing Event

RD: Let's organise it on September 14.
We'll schedule a full-day event.
We'll first book a larger room, and then attendees will split into breakout rooms on different subjects: quizzes, assignments, etc.

RD: We are looking at around 100 attendees.
The event is going to be large.
I want to make a proposal soon.

RD: We will overlap TPM3 with this (Eggert said he will attend).

RD: We can invite other teachers (eg: Emil Racec from DevMind).

### Workshop Event

RD: We will organise a workshop some time at the beginning of June.
There will be around 50 attendees.
The event will take place online.

RD: It will be centred around VMChecker Next.
It's our most "tempting" product so far.
We'll try to popularise it among other universities.

RD: Most of the infrastructure team will be involved.

### Brainstorming Event

RD: We'll use room PR105 and discuss topics that are unclear to us.
We'll pick 2-4 subjects and focus on those.

RD: The event will take place around June 15.

RD: One item is going to be how to use our infrastructure: GitHub vs GitLab vs Docusaurus as deployment.
Ideally we wouldn't be tied to a deployment environment.
We may need some sort of preprocessing to make the content deployment-agnostic.

### Reporting

RD: I've submitted a new report for more money.
I want to pre-allocate all work reports in advance until the end of the project.
We also need to assign each person's working hours to one or more intellectual outputs.

### Advertising

RD: I spoke to Răzvan Rughiniș and he gave me the contacts to the UPB advertising team.
I'll put you in touch with them, Liza.

LB: The EEA agency haven't answered my emails.

RD: I'll add some documents about advertising in our shared folder.
I used them when I last spoke to them.

## TODOs and Decisions

RD: Create list of subjects for the [brainstorming event](#brainstorming-event).

RD: Find appropriate date for the [bainstorming event](#brainstorming-event).

RD + SW + VN + MB + SJ: Create a workshop tutorial for setting up VMChecker Next for other universities.
They  don't use GitLab, Moodle etc.
They must start from scratch.

RD: Set up a meeting with SW, VN, MB, SJ to design the tutorial above.

RD: Create TODOs for Gabi, Ștefan, Alex and Adrian.

LB: Review the documents regarding communication and advertising.
