# Thursday, September 7, 2023, 11:00am Ro

## Agenda

* M4 Event
* Papers on Methodology and Infrastructure

## Participants

RăzvanD, RăzvanN, Ștefan, Teo, Mihai, Vlad, Alex, Gabi

## Discussions

RD: I have set up everything for the M4 meeting next week.
We have all the required rooms booked and the food is all set up.

### Papers

RD: Sergiu started working on the infrastructure paper.

RD: We need to have both this one and the methodology paper submitted by 30 September.
Răzvan and I looked for good conferences, but unfortunately, most of them take place in autumn and the submission period ends in spring.
However, there are a few that have deadlines during autumn and even one that responds in 1 month, so hopefully we'll have a response from them for our closing event in November.

### Operating Systems

AA: How is the new structure going to fit the lab split between materials and support?

RD: We have 2 possibilities:

* We can host the lab support in the OpenEdu repo and the materials in both.
This means that the materials in the UPB repo will have to refer the reading items in the OpenEdu repo.

* The second approach is to render both types of content in both repos.
This way there will be no cross-repo references, but we will duplicate some content.

TD: I'd go for the latter option.
Students already complained about the repo structure being too complicated last semester;
no need to make it even more convoluted.

### Repository Structure

RD: We met last Saturday and worked on a few PRs.
On top of this, we decided to simplify our proposed repository structure.
We should only use:

* a repo under OpenEdu, the main one with all the content
* a repo under UPB that will contain a subset of all the content.

RD: Very few people contribute, so it makes little sense to use 3 repos and to overcomplicate things.

### Updates from Everyone

#### Methodology

RN: I pinged people for their PRs and for reviews
I have to review some content and raise a PR for the crypto rewards part.

RN: For reading sections, I placed a `tree`-like structure of a folder in the document.
However, I think we should place these `tree` snippets in the "Overview" sections.

RD: We need to have concrete examples and reference them in the methodology, such as the OS repo.

RN: The OS repo risks being too esoteric to be a good demo.

RD: We also have the [`oer-template` repo](https://github.com/open-education-hub/oer-template).
Its problem is that it's not a real repo.
It still contains plenty of TODOs and "Lorem ipsum" content.
The OS repo has the huge advantage of being real, something that we actually use.
Until we have a more diverse content, the OS repo is our best variant.

RN: We have the following alternatives:

* The [Methodology repo](https://github.com/open-education-hub/methodology/)
* Create a mock-up for a simple course, such as 2nd grade Maths, that everyone will be able to understand

RD: The second idea is great, but it's not feasible.
There will be high-school teachers attending M4, we'll collect input from them.

RN: Who will merge the methodology PRs?

RD: You.
If a PR is OK, merge it.

#### Rendering

RD: Is there any difficulty to render the content of a repo that follows the new structure?

VN: I haven't managed to investigate this yet.
It may be an issue from Docusaurus which might interpret some links between backticks as real links and fail when trying to resolve them.

RD: This is a non-issue.
I can rework that part to avoid the issue.
But we have references to `../media`, will those work?

VN: Yes, that is OK.

#### M4-Related Questions (1)

VN: I am assigned to M4 on deployment.
Will the [`oer-template` repo](https://github.com/open-education-hub/oer-template) be ready until the event?

RD: Yes.

VN: Will I have anyone else assisting me on this workshop?

RD: Sergiu, Teo, Gabi and myself will be there.
Talk to people so we are efficiently split between workshops.

VN: Should I create any slides?

RD: It's up to you to decide.
All meeting rooms are equipped with projectors.
Think about it and see what might work.

MB: I cannot expect participants to have Docker or Moodle installed.

RD: Have a VM ready or set it up on Guacamole.
Have the infrastructure ready in due time.

#### Methodology PRs

AA: I created a few PRs and I tagged the reviewers.

RD: Add some images made with draw.io.

AS: I applied the reviews, discussed with Stefan and gave a review to Răzvan's PR.

TD: Same as Adrian.
I raised a PR and reviewed a few others.

RD: Review my PR on the [`oer-template` repo](https://github.com/open-education-hub/oer-template).

#### M4-Related Questions (2)

SJ: What should I do for the questions workshop during M4? 
What can participants do practically?

RD: Let's have a Moodle instance specifically for this.
Talk to Sergiu about this.
You can show participants how to use the converter.
Also talk to Vlad and see if you can integrate the converter with the builder to render quizzes.

RD: We'll organise a dinner on Wednesday evening.
Eggert will also be attending together with 2 participants from Germany.

## TODOs and Decisions

All: define methodology by Tuesday
It must be rendered on [GitHub.io](https://open-education-hub.github.io/methodology).
We can tweak it later.
